debugging software for esp chips (#16)
esp-rs/book: src/tooling/debugging/openocd.md

# OpenOCD

Similar to [probe-rs](./probe-rs.md), OpenOCD does not have support for the Xtensa architecture. However, Espressif does maintain a fork of OpenOCD under [espressif/openocd-esp32](https://github.com/espressif/openocd-esp32) which has support for Espressif's chips.

> Instructions on how to install `openocd-esp32` for your platform can be found in [the espressif documentation](https://docs.espressif.com/projects/esp-idf/en/latest/esp32c3/api-guides/jtag-debugging/index.html#setup-of-openocd).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instructions on how to install `openocd-esp32` for your platform can be found in [the Espressif documentation](https://docs.espressif.com/projects/esp-idf/en/latest/esp32c3/api-guides/jtag-debugging/index.html#setup-of-openocd).
```

Espressif should probably be capitalized here

## Setup for Espressif chips

<!-- how to choose interface & chip -->

> Once installed, its as simple as running `openocd` with the correct scripts. For chips with the builtin usb jtag, there is normally a config that will work out of the box, for example on the esp32c3:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once installed, it's as simple as running `openocd` with the correct scripts. For chips with the builtin USB JTAG, there is normally a config that will work out of the box, for example on the ESP32-C3:
```

Just some grammar/formatting changes here. The `esp32c3` form is usually used for identifiers where as the `ESP32-C3` form is the "display" format, as per Espressif's preferences.

> ```

Reviewer: I think you should be able to make the rustdoc tests ignore these code blocks by starting them with ```` ```ignore ````, which should hopefully make the CI happy.

openocd -f board/esp32c3-builtin.cfg
```

> For other configurations it may require specifying the chip and the interface separately, for example esp32 with a jlink:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For other configurations it may require specifying the chip and the interface separately, for example ESP32 with a J-Link:
```
